# personal-site
personal website with personal works

This document summarizes the key points discussed and action items agreed on during the afore-mentioned review and challenge e-mail correspondence. The questions raised by MRMC ESE and the answers provided by Group MRMC, along with, wherever relevant, any further discussion and actions, are described below.

By reviewing the validation report updated on 15-Dec-2020 for model 1964/1966, MRMC ESE observed the following changes and made conclusions.

•	Critical validation issue 2 was updated on 15 December 2020 and issue closure request was rejected by MRMC Group. This issue addressed absence of evidences or reports of the controls from Integrated Middle Office (“IMO”), Risk Control (“RC”) or the front office team. According to the December 2020 update, Model Owner (“MO”) has provided details of controls and monitoring in place as part of the data quality control framework within the updated model document and samples of reports generated by Reporting Analysis and Data (“RRAD”) and Risk Control Operations (“RCO”). By evaluating the supplementary materials, MRMC Group indicated there is no independent testing has been provided by MO to assess the comprehensiveness of the quality controls put in place by the different teams. Additionally, the controls in place to ensure data quality do not cover all required dimensions, and evidence for controls in certain places have not been provided to MRMC. Moreover, evidences for some reports have not been provided as a part of submission. Thus the critical issue 2 remains open. MRMC ESE reviewed the updated validation report and agreed with the updated assessment.

•	Non-critical validation issue 41 was closed on 15 Dec 2020. This issue addressed the absence of PCE testings. MRMC Group reviewed three key phases and steps involved in PCE change release: Design & Requirement phases; Build & Testing phase; Sign-off & Go-live phase. Considering the PCE as a legacy system and migration to AQUA, MRMC Group deems this issue as closed. MRMC ESE reviewed the updated validation report and agreed with the assessment.

•	Non-critical validation issue 48 was closed on 15 Dec 2020. This issue talks about operational and implementation stability of Hull White Calculate. Three major concerns including: no evidence of logs in Github repository that contain the versioning of the code; no code comments & execution examples; no centralized Github repository. By evaluating newly uploaded central Hull White calculator repository, MRMC Group deems this issue as closed. MRMC ESE reviewed the updated validation report and agreed with the assessment.

•	Critical validation issue 55 was closed on 15 Dec 2020. For security leg of the trades, by analysing the production database of PCE, MRMC Group identified that for the BAU scenario, the security leg value in USD in the EOD.CASH_SEC_AMT_POST_REBOOKING table is not always equal to the product of the buy sell flag (sign), price of a single security, exchange rate to USD and underlying amount (number of securities) in the same table. There are several Bond SFTs and positions with a security leg different from null or zero and an underlying amount equal to zero or null. To address this critical issue, MO submitted document of “Memo – Issue 55 Draft – MRMC review Copy; Oct 01, 2020”. MRMC Group assessed supplementary document and concluded issue does not have material impact on model output. MRMC ESE reviewed the updated validation report and agreed with the assessment.

•	Non-critical validation issue 60 remains open. This issue discussed misalignment with ECB Guide to internal models (“EGIM”). Specific misalignments have been identified by the validator: EGIM principles 12 to 16; EGIM principle 17, EGIM principle 62 and EGIM principle 65. Until 15 Dec 2020, MO has submitted updated model document and ad-hoc TC Diff analysis to address EGIM principle 12 to 16 and EGIM principle 17. MRMC Group conducted a detailed examination and independent assessment on the MO supplementary changings. Due to the remaining issue of EGIM principle 62 and EGIM principle 65, the validation issue 60 is not fully rectified. MRMC ESE reviewed the updated validation and agreed with the assessment. 

•	Non-critical validation issue 67 is raised. MRMC Group observed gaps for Time 0 (T0) price benchmarking, due to the low impact and low materiality, the this issue is raised as non-critical.

By reviewing the validation report updated on 15-Dec-2020 for model 1963/1967/1968, MRMC ESE observed the following change and made conclusion.

•	Non-critical validation issue 8 is closed. This issue discussed misalignment with EGIM. Specific misalignments have been identified by the validator: Article 12 & 13, and Article 17. To address the issue, MO updated model document and supplied ad-hoc TV Diff analysis. MO has addressed the regulatory requirement point on Article 12 & 13 by comparing the relative difference between the T0 price used by PCE and the ones sourced from front office system (Models 1963/1967/1968 use DeltaSim where the T0 price is the same as the front office system values) and the requirement point on Article 17 by producing a materiality analysis positions utilizing the approximation calculators. MRMC Group reviewed the evidence and finds the submission satisfactory. MRMC ESE reviewed the updated documentation and agreed with the assessment.
